README.md, before:

# SevenStories

Text-adventure game in very early stages of development.

## Development and Testing

These are the steps to install a copy of SevenStories on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

It is recommended to clone a copy of the project repository to be able to use project features that have been implemented.  You may clone the project's repository with:

> git clone https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories.git

You may also download a .zip of the project [here](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/archive/master.zip) for local purposes.

To launch the game from the source code, you run the following from the projects directory:

> python3 ./SevenStories/main.py

#### Documentation

A more extensive understanding of the game's functionality can be observed by reading the documentation, provided [here](http://sevenstories.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Installation

Grab the latest setup from the downloads below, and run through the basic installation wizard.

## Downloads

* [SevenStories-0.2.0-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.2.0/SevenStories-0.2.0-setup.exe) <- *Recommended*
* [SevenStories-0.1.1-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.1.1/SevenStories-0.1.1-setup.exe)
* [SevenStories-0.1a1-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.1a1/SevenStories-0.1a1-setup.exe)

## Authors

* Hunter Malm - *Lead project designer* - [huntermalm](https://github.com/huntermalm)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Updated README to include project goals

README.md, after:

# SevenStories

Text-adventure game in very early stages of development.

## Development and Testing

These are the steps to install a copy of SevenStories on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

It is recommended to clone a copy of the project repository to be able to use project features that have been implemented.  You may clone the project's repository with:

> git clone https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories.git

You may also download a .zip of the project [here](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/archive/master.zip) for local purposes.

To launch the game from the source code, you run the following from the projects directory:

> python3 ./SevenStories/main.py

#### Documentation

A more extensive understanding of the game's functionality can be observed by reading the documentation, provided [here](http://sevenstories.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

#### Project Goals

An unorganized set of project goals can be found [here](http://sevenstories.readthedocs.io/en/latest/goals.html).  These goals have no deadlines or schedule, however, one can be execpted in the near future after the project gets more organized.

## Installation

Grab the latest setup from the downloads below, and run through the basic installation wizard.

## Downloads

* [SevenStories-0.2.0-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.2.0/SevenStories-0.2.0-setup.exe) <- *Recommended*
* [SevenStories-0.1.1-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.1.1/SevenStories-0.1.1-setup.exe)
* [SevenStories-0.1a1-setup.exe](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/releases/download/v0.1a1/SevenStories-0.1a1-setup.exe)

## Authors

* Hunter Malm - *Lead project designer* - [huntermalm](https://github.com/huntermalm)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/huntermalm/SevenStories/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.
